I find it gratifying to motivate and support others in their spiritual walk. 
I feel that what I earn is a tool to insure other's needs are met. 
I enjoy having my home as a "gathering place" for others. 
I find acts of assistance more rewarding than speaking and/or teaching 
I have been told that I tend to support the "underdog." 
Others have said I present a clear and concise approach to salvation. 
God reminds me of scripture or experiences when facing weighty decisions. 
When God gives me insight I feel compelled to share it, regardless. 
I am compelled to share what I have learned from scripture and studies. 
I am often consulted when others struggle with difficult decisions. 
Others often look to me for ministry coordination, planning and direction. 
I believe no physical or mental boundaries can hinder my Kingdom position. 
I do not question my salvation or God's hold on my life. 
I find joy in and feel called to be at the forefront of a ministry. 
I find great joy in ministering to the same group of people for a long time. 
I rarely have difficulty seeing through a person who is trying to purport themselves to be something they are not. 
I find great joy in praying for the physically, mentally or spiritually ill. 
For some reason I know what others mean when hearing tongues. 
I have seen too many miracles in my life to discount their validity. 
The Holy Spirit speaks through me when I do not know what to say. 
I feel many people are not very optimistic as they face life's challenges. 
It is more satisfying to support a ministry need than buying something new. 
Entertaining others provides a great sense of satisfaction. 
It really does not matter who gets credit as long as other's needs are met. 
It is not forgiving others, but remaining objective that is a struggle. 
I feel very comfortable sharing my faith with unbelievers. 
I receive great joy, peace and revelation as I study the scriptures. 
By speaking God's truth I don't shortchange myself or others. 
My instruction has provided Biblical insight and help to others. 
God uses me to provide clarity when there is confusion or indecision. 
I have an ability to be strategic and help a ministry achieve good results. 
I have been called to minister to multiple communities, countries and cultures. 
God has never let me down, which is why I don't question him now. 
God has given me favor and drawn others to me for spiritual direction. 
I relish close relationships because of the ability to nurture other's growth. 
I will push to identify the motives behind another person's words. 
I have seen God answer my prayer by healing the person I prayed for. 
I feel being able to understand other tongues/languages helps me help others. 
I can recall one or more incidents when God literally intervened. 
When the Holy Spirit speaks through me I feel God's presence in me. 
I welcome opportunities to share my experiences and encourage others. 
A modest lifestyle allows me to quietly contribute more to other's needs. 
Many who visit my home seem comfortable and often linger a while. 
Joy is most often found in completing tasks without attracting attention. 
I have a great deal of compassion for those hurting or in distress. 
I have a strong burden for those who do not have the peace of salvation. 
Digging into scriptural language, historical and social context is fun. 
On more than one occasion I had to speak God's truth to others. 
I have been able to identify spiritual patterns and communicate them. 
God's insight has allowed me to help others in their spiritual journey. 
Organizing and ministry development give a great sense of satisfaction. 
I have a strong desire to take the gospel to where it has never been heard. 
I find it quite easy to believe that what God says is true and reliable. 
I feel blessed with an ability to communicate a vision for others to follow. 
I find great satisfaction in helping those who are weak develop strength. 
I have sensed another person was motivated to act by an evil spirit. 
I have seen healing occur more than once when I and others prayed. 
I am able to eliminate confusion by sharing a tongue/language's meaning. 
Others have said God used me to supernaturally change their life. 
Speaking in different tongues/languages never happened before salvation. 
I've discovered I can challenge others without them feeling condemned. 
I've honestly felt the emotions behind "it is better to give than receive." 
I rarely feel "put out" by having someone stay in my home. 
A look of gratitude from another far outweighs any other gift. 
I find great joy in being able to comfort those in times of crisis. 
I have a nagging concern of having someone's blood on my hands if I don't share my faith. 
I loved acquiring information and often made good grades. 
I love to proclaim God's truths, past, present and future. 
It is very rewarding for me to help others understand God's truths. 
God has often given me insight and answers to complicated issues. 
I have no problem delegating what needs to be done for ministry success. 
God is shaping me to encourage and equip many spiritual leaders. 
I have found my convictions inspire others and give them hope. 
I am seen as an authority by others who seek a way to serve God. 
I feel responsible to help or direct those who are close and need guidance. 
I am able to judge truthfulness and error in a theological statement. 
I believe God heals people and am confident prayer makes a difference. 
I remember the first time I felt I understood what was said in tongues. 
I have seen God interrupt the natural flow of life based on my prayer. 
I feel I have a prayer language that I do not understand at times. 
"I feel better" has often been the response from those I counseled. 
I've been deeply burdened and responded to help others financially. 
Preparing for other's visit to my home is exciting and exhilarating. 
I find great pleasure in simple, practical tasks that lend a helping hand. 
I've found at times I see pain in others even when they don't express it. 
I am exhilarated when sharing the gospel to many people. 
Challenging scriptures cause me to dig until I find an answer. 
In the past my words have brought conviction of sin to others. 
I am often asked to explain scriptural principles and their application. 
Mature believers have asked my opinions on challenging life issues. 
I enjoy making sure tasks and projects are completed in a timely manner. 
Establishing, training and developing spiritual leaders does not intimidate me. 
Christ alone has the words of eternal life, so there is no other place to go. 
I find joy in inspiring, leading and motivating others to God's service. 
God seems to provide the words others need to hear when I speak. 
God has given me an innate sense of seeing spirits at work in others. 
When I pray for other's healing, I am aware of a power beyond me. 
I have interpreted when someone spoke in tongues. 
The more I address the supernatural, the deeper God empowers me. 
There is a freedom when I speak in languages that I normally do not have. 